those who are looking for a housing option for
all season living in first
the queue will take into account proximity
future country house ownership
we drive through the city of Arzamas
highway and just 12 kilometers from
Nizhny Novgorod near the village of Che head
discover fenced territory this
the first turn to the cottage settlement
cranes
located in one of the picturesque
corners of the Kstovo district this village
near term could be
favorite place to live and relax
dozens of Nizhny Novgorod 7
the hill on which our village is located
it is a bright high place with minimal
slope
with when descending from the hill we will certainly
we fall on the shore of the lake which is
the beginning of the cascade of the semea zara damn them
ponds behind which is pine
boron
It is a natural fount for any forest
outdoor relaxation walks and
of course fishing and here can
settle your future home on a shared
the area of ​​48 hectares will accommodate
plot from 9 to 14 hectare all under
individual housing
plot held electricity
wired water supply from
central well
asphalted inside the township
roads in such towns important role
plays the presence of gas here its launch
planned for the end of this year my
final structure
perspective is a playground area
recreation and shop
but for now you will be settling down the site and
you can build a house
use the infrastructure of the nearest
the village is wet where today
live over two thousand people have
trade educational institutions needed
school store and temple honor
Smolensk icon of the Mother of God about the new
Cranes project can tell more
a lot and we will certainly come back here in
our next issue yet
We continue to study the most popular
directions for country
construction sit in the car and
southern bypass we reach Bogorodsk
tracks from where to move to the next
the object of the holiday village land
land at a very attractive price
just 20 kilometers from the lower Novgorod
and we are in the perfect place for summer
rest between the village leather village
sysoev to has in our holiday
the village of its good near the forest lake with
high bank yakin opens
nearby is a great view
lakes with fish plants as well
comfortable beach for summer holidays
and bathing here you can truly
take a break from the bustle of the city and sigh
full breasts in the winter season
pleasant neighborhood will make you happy 2
means of the Nizhny Novgorod region
ski resorts
where you can spend the whole weekend here
You can also purchase land from
9 to 19 acres
provided with electricity and
plumbing with paved and
well-maintained roads for
comfortable and safe stay
the perimeter of the village has a fence
with lighting
run checkpoint
guest parking
recreation areas which settlement option would you
not chosen anyway waiting for you
comfortable life surrounded by a unique
nature at a great price
attention only until the end of May when buying
land and house 107 square
meters in the cottage village cranes you
save 380 thousand rubles learn
for details, call 400 1379 83 or
on the company's website